 1. Two Sum: Given an array of integers, find two numbers that add up to a specific
target.
 2. Reverse a String: Write a function to reverse a string without using built-in functions.
 3. Palindrome Check: Determine if a given string is a palindrome.
 4. Merge Two Sorted Lists: Merge two sorted linked lists and return it as a new sorted
list.
 5. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters: Find the length of the longest
substring without repeating characters.
 6. Valid Parentheses: Given a string containing just the characters '(', ')', '{', '}', '[' and ']',
 determine if the input string is valid.
 7. Search in Rotated Sorted Array: Search for a target value in a rotated sorted array.
 8. Container With Most Water: Given n non-negative integers, find two lines that
together with the x-axis form a container, such that the container contains the most
water.
 9. 3Sum: Find all unique triplets in the array which gives the sum of zero.
 10.Remove Nth Node From End of List: Remove the n-th node from the end of a
linked list and return its head.
 11.Maximum Subarray: Find the contiguous subarray with the largest sum.
 12.Climbing Stairs: You are climbing a staircase. It takes n steps to reach the top. Each
time you can either climb 1 or 2 steps. In how many distinct ways can you climb to
the top?
 13.Set Matrix Zeroes: Given a m x n matrix, if an element is 0, set its entire row and
column to 0.
 14.Group Anagrams: Given an array of strings, group anagrams together.
 15.Merge Intervals: Given a collection of intervals, merge all overlapping intervals.
 16.Linked List Cycle: Given a linked list, determine if it has a cycle in it.
 17.Implement Stack using Queues: Implement a last-in-first-out (LIFO) stack using
only two queues.
 18.Minimum Window Substring: Given two strings s and t, find the minimum window
in s which will contain all the characters in t.
 19.Word Search: Given a 2D board and a word, find if the word exists in the grid.
 20.Longest Increasing Subsequence: Find the length of the longest increasing
subsequence in an array.
 21.Decode Ways: A message containing letters from A-Z is encoded to numbers using
'A' -> 1, 'B' -> 2, ..., 'Z' -> 26. Given an encoded message, determine the total number
of ways to decode it.
 22.Coin Change: Given coins of different denominations and a total amount of money,
find the fewest number of coins needed to make up that amount.
 23.House Robber: Given a list of non-negative integers representing the amount of
money of each house, determine the maximum amount of money you can rob tonight
without alerting the police.
24.Binary Tree Inorder Traversal: Given a binary tree, return the inorder traversal of
its nodes' values.
 25.Validate Binary Search Tree: Determine if a given binary tree is a valid binary
search tree.
 26.Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree: Given a binary tree, find the lowest
common ancestor of two given nodes in the tree.
 27.Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree: Design an algorithm to serialize and
deserialize a binary tree.
 28.Kth Smallest Element in a BST: Find the kth smallest element in a binary search
tree.
 29.Number of Islands: Given a 2D grid of '1's (land) and '0's (water), count the number
of islands.
 30.Course Schedule: There are a total of numCourses you have to take, labeled from 0
to numCourses-1. Some courses may have prerequisites. Determine if you can finish
all courses.
 31.Implement Trie (Prefix Tree): Implement a trie with insert, search, and startsWith
methods.
 32.Add and Search Word - Data structure design: Design a data structure that
supports the addition of words and the search for a word in a dictionary.
 33.Word Ladder: Given two words (beginWord and endWord), and a dictionary's word
list, find the length of the shortest transformation sequence from beginWord to
endWord.
 34.Find Median from Data Stream: The median is the middle value in an ordered
integer list. Write a program that finds the median of input data stream.
 35.Sliding Window Maximum: Given an array and an integer k, find the maximum for
each sliding window of size k.
 36.Longest Consecutive Sequence: Given an unsorted array of integers, find the length
of the longest consecutive elements sequence.
 37.Graph Valid Tree: Given n nodes labeled from 0 to n-1 and a list of undirected
edges, determine if these edges form a valid tree.
 38.Number of Connected Components in an Undirected Graph
